Recently, people are spreading the news a lot
The relationship between King Rui and Yun Qingcheng gave money
Wang Feidong was left out in the cold.
As expected, it’s only right to love your family.
It seems that King Rui begged the emperor just for Yunqing City.
If everyone knew
Yun Qingcheng will be the future imperial concubine.
Then what if they were doing something solitary?
I think what should King Rui do?
Our people who are investigating King Rui also said so.
The recent crime king and princess
Don't hate me very much
Already reasonably prepared
I heard this child’s blood
The food tastes better now that I'm sad
Prince, did the princess go to the first restaurant today?
The welfare people said that the princess went to a restaurant early in the morning.
If it’s not true, just watch it. No need.
This king has no interest in his business. Second sister-in-law, the emperor, the emperor.
You are born with no resistance to wealth and your body is weak
If you can't make this non-obstructive quality right and wise,
No matter how much you eat, you won’t be able to nourish yourself
It's no use either
Lucky not noisy